# CS-340-Portfolio

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

  I attempt to write maintainable, readable, and adaptable code by implementing best standard coding practices into my work. This can include conceopts as simple as proper naming conventions for variables and objects. Looking at my CRUD.py program for a better example, the ability to pull the AnimalShelter class with all of the functions within it is an example of using poroper naming conventions for re-usable code. One of the advanteages of having an assignment build on itself over the course of the semster allowed me to see if my code was truly reusable, rather than having to write similar (but not re-used) code form previous projects to test it's adaptability. I could attempt to use this CRUD module for future projects involving data manipulation. 

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

  I attempt to approach problems with a logical and analyitical approaches. For example, when working with the sample code for certain milestone assignments I found that sometimes even after making all my necassary changes, I would receive numerous errors as a result. While this should be expected since it's difficult to write fresh, clean code on the first take, I found this to be rather discouraging. However, I chose analyze each of the errors in further detail, and to my surprise found that the errors were simple to fix or were silly syntax errors that would overlooked by my overconfidence.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

  Computer scientists are responsible for a few things. One of those tasks involve being able to make computer applications interpret or manipulate data in a way that would benefit the user. At it's core principle, computer scientists are complex problem solvers that attempt to solve problems with programming appications or systems that are specifically designed to handle the problem. For instance this project helps Grazioso Salvare be able to not only track their current shelter information in high detail but also be able to enter in new entries as well as delete any old information that could still be lingering around. The ability to refine the searches by filtering out the name, breed, gender, or age of the animals will help the employees be able to locate whichever animal they are looking for in the most efficient and timely manner possible. 
